Cleanup lmp-extending user guide (#715)
foundriesio/docs: source/user-guide/lmp-customization/linux-extending.rst

  DISTRO_FEATURES="acl argp bluetooth ext2 ipv4 ipv6 largefile usbgadget usbhost wifi xattr zeroconf pci vfat modsign efi security tpm integrity seccomp pam usrmerge virtualization ptest
  alsa sota systemd"

Using ``DISTRO="lmp"`` generates the log.

> ``DISTRO_FEATURES`` changes seven operations and one of them is for an override (``tegra``).

Reviewer: there are seven operations that change the DISTRO_FEATURES values. I'm not sure removing the passive voice here is equivalent. 

could you please review it?

> ``DISTRO_FEATURES`` changes seven operations and one of them is for an override (``tegra``).

Author: ```suggestion
``DISTRO_FEATURES`` can change from seven operations, and one of them is for an override (``tegra``).
```
